Able to access the actual facilities.
During a recent legal review,
we found that some of the language in
Matterport's terms and conditions.
Aren't very they're not very good.
So legal's suggestion is that we we no
longer use Matterport and so that's where
we are now. We're trying to identify a.
Replacement for Matterport and we've
started to kick off the information,
the InfoSec reviews.
We've sent out at least one NDA to a.
Replacement vendor and we've also started
to research.
Some of the other options we have out
there, so that's where I I was.
I reached out to tomorrow to see if um.
From a he can help from a solution
architecture perspective to help us
review some of the different.
Vendor options we had and um provide some
guidance on what would be the best fit
for FM.
So I can stop there to see if you had any
questions on the Matterport one
OK.
specifically.
Yeah,
so right now you have a one NDA out with
one vendor.
Have you selected like a group of vendors
that you wanna meet with in a review and
and if so, about how many do you have?
Yeah.
So I I believe this space is pretty
limited.
So there is a short list of I believe
four different vendors and my hope is to
maybe cut that down to maybe, you know,
two or three at most.
And this E 57 format,
I take it that's some type of data format
used within Matterport.
It it is.
And so maybe to give some additional
background on Matterport,
this is a tool that had been used for,
I think for at least four or five years
by the business.
It was being expensed via corporate card.
So that's where it kind of was flying
under the radar.
Hadn't gone through like InfoSec or
wasn't added to any of our solution
inventory,
but because of how long it's been used,
Mm.
I think they mainly started using it
during during COVID because you know,
folks weren't getting access to the
actual physical buildings.
They've kind of accumulated about 150
workspaces where you know we have video
of of those spaces and that E 57 format
is just this is just kind of based on
some like like preliminary Google
searches.
It's it allows you to export that kind of
3D rendering and import.
The hope is we can import that into the
you know our replacement application so
that you know in some cases we're unable
to you know even access the physical
locations that.
We've recorded in the past,
so we wouldn't even be able to replicate
those if we needed to do it manually.
So the hope is we'd be able to recover
those by exporting the E 57 and importing
into the replacement.
So I believe that would be a.
One of the high one of the main
requirements that any replacement would
be able to support that E 57 format file
format.
OK. And is there information today within?
Matterport that has like user information
and like certain people have taken,
Yeah.
you know, for lack of a better term,
certain training or courses and maybe
there's assessments and there's that type
of information need to flow mapped.
To particular users.
For the new system.
No.
So there there's no there from from my
understanding we only use Matterport for
the kind of the 3D walkthroughs,
any course completion,
any of that data is being captured in our
Mm.
LMS and in LCO.
OK.
So we're just using the kind of the the
outputs and the the the spaces that are
created in Matterport and embedding those
into our curriculums.
Hmm.
And what's the what's the RMS that FM
uses?
We use uh, so currently we use Saba.
Hmm. OK.
But it is being sunset at the end of 27,
so we're also in the process of beginning
to plan for a migration to Cornerstone's
latest LMS,
which is Galaxy Cornerstone Galaxy.
Uh.
And what do you have a rough timeline as
to when you want to complete the
migration to the new system?
Uh,
the new system for our LMS or for the
Matterport replacement?
Oh, sorry, the replacement for Matterport.
Yes, the replacement would,
I believe we have a deadline or we're
hoping to get it done by June because
that's when the we have a next cohort of
consultant in the consultant engineering
program where a lot of these.
Matterports are being used in that
curriculum.
OK.
All right. Yeah, I think, uh,
I think I have a good understanding now
of that one.
OK.
And we did get a list of requirements
from the the business,
so I I could forward that over to you
along with.
The other or I think we have, yeah,
we have 4 total vendors that we're
potentially looking at.
I did have Mike over at InfoSec run a
risk recon on those and I also put in a
request for.
Don over at procurement to run a Pure IQ
review on those.
So just to see if there were any red
flags on like the on the companies that
own the those softwares.
But and believe I got those back this
morning so I could forward those over to
you as well.
OK.
OK, uh, alright,
so let me jump to the next one.
Um.
So the next one I think would be bullet
#2. Um.
Steve McGrath over from Infosec and Mary
Someraro,
they've been looking at and I I'm sure
you've probably seen some of the training
that's been sent over for like security
snippets that that get sent out quarterly.
So we've been,
we work pretty closely with Steve and his
team to put out or build out. Um.
Some InfoSec trainings.
They've reached out to us to see if we
could integrate with this LMS provider
that specializes in information security.
This is called Proofpoint.
And they're looking to see if there is a
way for us to leverage some sort of
integration where users can launch some
of the Proofpoint courses from our LMS
directly and then bring them into.
The Proofpoint app because how it
currently works is Steve will go through
Proofpoint,
which is our our we'll consider them like
a content vendor and he'll curate kind of
courses around.
Um.
Any different security themes that he
feels are relevant to FM,
and then he'll build those out in a SCORM
package that gets uploaded into the LMS.
But because of kind of that whole process,
it's a bit of a manual process for him to
go through and then upload into.
LMS it doesn't allow us to utilize some
of the kind of some of the key
functionality of that Proofpoint LMS
where for instance if maybe.
Let's say I I I took a fishing course
that that recently got sent out and maybe
I, you know, I I score poorly on it.
Proofpoint has this some AI built into it
that will kind of automatically suggest
new training.
Based off of how I do on a course per se,
and then from there it'll begin to kind
of build out what areas I could improve
on.
So that's kind of the the use case that
they were looking to leverage to get some
a little bit more of that.
Um.
Uh, platform driven.
And of learning versus having, you know,
Steve or someone go through and manually
Mhm.
curate those.
I'm not sure how much of of an.
I'm not sure how much of that we can get
through like an API integration,
but given kind of the lack of kind of
skill set on our team,
we we didn't really have anyone that
could review their REST API.
API documentation to see if that is
something that we'd be able to to achieve
with the integration with Saba.
And I mean from from a product standpoint
I would say.
Um,
I I don't know if it necessarily makes
sense to have two different LMSS.
It kind of makes it um.
I don't know if the user it's not the the
best user experience to kind of launch
through Saba and then have to jump into
Proofpoint and then have kind of a a
different LMS experience over there.
So the hope is that we'd be able to.
Use Saba as the launching point and build
out or curate.
You know those curriculums within our own
LMS instead of kind of having to use it
go back and forth, if that makes sense.
I believe so.
So what you're essentially looking for is
staying within Saba,
but being able to in real time pull in
information training from Proofpoint and
still be able to leverage some of this
functionality.
You mentioned a Proofpoint such as the.
The A I kind of guidance or assistance
based on how they do on assessments,
that sort of thing,
but all that occurring within Saba
without that the manual process Steve is
doing today. Is that a fair recap?
Yes, yeah.
OK. And you think potentially one Ave.
to achieve that would be group points
REST API?
I'm not sure when we did.
When we reached out to Proofpoint for
Mhm.
initial conversation,
they they they responded back with their.
I think it was like their trust center or
something that that had information on
how their you know their APIs could
connect so but without without knowing
enough of the technicals we were able to
confirm or deny if that that would be you
know appropriate for our integration.
So that's where I was looking.
Looking for some assistance to to see if
that is something that we could even use
with our current LMS.
OK, got it.
And are there? I take it there's some.
Like for for Saba,
do we have any folks at FM who kind of
serve as, you know,
the the technical subject matter experts
or maybe even they're doing the
configuration setup or do we kind of
outsource all that to Saba? How,
how does that work?
Yeah.
So we do have a team that supports Saba.
We have one senior configuration analyst
on our end.
So he does have full admin rights to Saba.
So any configurations, basic, you know.
Any basic integrations where for instance
like SSO integrations where we we need to
update keys or make some connections he
he has, he has the ability to do that.
But when it comes to like the REST APIs,
that's where we're kind of lacking that.
Technical knowledge.
So I think working with so Jim Gauld,
he he is our senior configuration analyst.
He'd be able to get us most of the way
there.
But when it comes to I think the kind of
the more technical stuff in terms of how
to connect with the the different LMS.
Um,
that's where we're looking for some help.
OK, got it. And do you know,
have we done anything like this in the
past with Saba in terms of interfacing
with another external learning system and
and pulling in content like this?
So if I were to compare it,
I believe it would be the experience
would be similar to what we have with
like a LinkedIn Learning right now.
So I know it's a little bit different
because LinkedIn Learning is mainly
content, a content library.
But the way and and Jim can probably
better explain this,
but the way we're we're integrated with
LinkedIn Learning is it's kind of a two
way it's a bidirectional and a feed where
we could.
Import or we've imported LinkedIn
Learning's content library into our LMS
and we can take those courses by by
searching within our LMS,
but then when we actually launch the
course.
You know, it looks like it's, you know,
in line in our player,
but it's actually launching the LinkedIn
Learning course.
And I I believe that's the like the I
think deployed SCORM is what we call it,
where you know the the content lives in
LinkedIn Learning,
but then it's hosted on LinkedIn Learning,
but then we we can deploy it here on our.
LMS and when we make those completions
here,
it'll send the completion record back to
LinkedIn Learning.
But we also have the ability to launch
LinkedIn Learning directly and because of
that integration we have.
If we take any courses natively within
LinkedIn Learning, those will also update.
It'll send AI believe it's integrated
through a nightly job that it'll send any
completions back so that those
completions that are done.
Natively and LinkedIn Learning will also
update in our LCO transcript or LMS
transcript.
OK, got it.
So I I believe that may get us to where
Steve is looking to get those like proof
point enhanced capabilities.
I know it's it's not ideal to have users
in two different LMSS but.
If we're getting that two way,
that two way fee between the two systems,
then that that that may get us kind of at
least most of the way there in terms of
being able to utilize.
The the function capabilities in proof
point,
but then also ensuring that we get all
the transcripts and records back in our
in our LMS.
Makes sense.
And then I know it's not on the list I
sent you,
but Jonathan Davis also reached out to us
with a very similar request earlier this
week.
So it sounds like it's almost the same
thing.
He's looking to see if we could integrate
our LMS with this vendor called
Brainstorm.
So and I think that's mainly for
Microsoft.
Training content.
They've also provided us with some API
documentation as well to see if we could
review that to integrate with and how
that would integrate with our current LMS.
Alright.
OK. And then the last one, um, probably.
It's the lowest priority because we do
have some some workarounds,
but we have so this one is around our LMS
to degreed integration and.
Maybe it might be better if I just bring
up a lucid chart to kind of walk you
through it.
Uh, to give you some background. Um.
When we when we first implemented Degreed,
we were kind of tasked with trying to
solve a problem of how we could get
required learning assigned learning over
to Degreed and so we built out this.
Integration where I was hoping to maybe
get it reviewed by Tamur because it had
been a couple years now and since we've
been using the integration been running
into a fair amount of issues.
Um, over the past year or so.
Cell.
All right,
so I just pulled up a lucid chart that I
worked on and I'll try to walk through it
quickly.
I know we only have 5 minutes left,
but basically Saba RLMS we need to send
out.
We're sending out three flat files
because of.
There is this kind of limitation within
Degreed.
So Degreed is our LXP platform where.
We are sending completion files on a
daily basis to Degreed,
but because of how Degreed or because of
how Degreed receives content and it is an
LXP, not a learning management platform.
When users have to take recurring
learning. So for instance,
if we have a annual workplace harassment
course that we need to take,
the way we manage those at FM is we'll
just set those.
Courses up on a recurring cycle.
For instance,
if if we need to take it yearly,
it'll expire and then be re-added to your
transcript to to be taken because Degreed
sees that as the same content ID.
When that gets sent over to degree,
it just shows it as complete a completed
record because you've completed it at
some point and it doesn't kind of have
that logic to say that it needs to be
retaken year over year and from from my
perspective.
And from from my perspective,
I don't think that you know it's it's
working as expected because degreed is an
LXP platform,
but to solve a problem of having users.
Use Degreed as their their their learning,
their front door to learning and we added
in kind of this integration where we
would send required learning files from
Saba to Degreed so that Degreed would be
able to display those as.
You know,
assigned learning that has a due date and
in order to do that because of how the
degree is keying off the content ID,
we're sending these flat files through
Globalscape. It's a pending.
Or it's it's adding a unique key to add.
I believe it it concatenates the user ID
with the content identifier or the course
identifier along with the the new the new
due date.
So if it's, you know,
if you you've gotten new harassment
course that's due this year, that'll be,
you know, that'll create a new distinct,
unique identifier than last year's course
because that would have been tagged with,
you know, 2025.
So that allows us to solve for that
problem of the new unique identifier.
But we've been seeing some issues with
the global scape process where for some
reason or another it's, you know,
it's not able to pick up a file.
Or it has an issue with the the file in
transit,
or it has an issue with the PowerShell
job where it does that concatenation.
Or also we've seen issues where you know
if it's trying to send the file over to
the degree SFTP for one reason or another,
it's you know they're having some
connection issues.
So then we're running into the problem of
records not being sent over to Degreed in
a consistent manner. So then we're having,
we've been kind of chasing some data
discrepancies between two systems because
we're having some failures somewhere
throughout the kind of the process.
So we were planning to set up a call with
our Globalscape team to review this,
Mhm.
but we wanted to have.
I was hoping to have tomorrow on that
call to help us kind of just take a look
at this entire process to see if.
Everything made sense and maybe to
suggest any areas where we could add some,
you know, job reruns,
some errors or some flags where we could
reprocess the job because there there is
one last caveat that.
Degreed has.
Degreed receives these files and ingests
them and these jobs run on a timer.
So if a file is dropped after that job is
run,
then it won't get picked up until the
following day and then also degreed only.
Pulls one job per day. So if we miss one,
you know,
one file today and we drop 2 files for
tomorrow,
it's only going to pick up the latest
file.
So we potentially or we are missing
records from that, you know,
initial file that was sent over.
OK.
I think I saw a meeting invite uh from
Melissa. Uh from Monday. Is that correct?
Yes. Yeah.
So that was the call that we had
initially scheduled with Globalscape to
review this process with them because
there are a few points where we do get
some messages from Globalscape.
But and so we we've, you know,
we implemented some confirmation messages
Mhm.
from Globalscape to let us know when
these files were successfully pushed
through.
But we're finding that even though they
are success messages.
Sometimes these are kind of false
positives in in some cases.
It.